our guests tonight are five actors with
nine names of star in the most highly
anticipated movie of the summer
your favorite teenage superhero leaves
his friendly neighborhood in spider-man
far
from home it opens everywhere july 2nd
please welcome tom holland jake
gyllenhaal
zendaya kobe smalders and jacob
[Applause]
[Music]
battalion
[Applause]
[Music]
welcome i'm doing well how you doing
i guess everyone's excited about them so
uh the trailer came out the trailer got
like 135 million views in the first hour
it was released the first hour yeah
which is like it's a good chunk of the
of the human population really watching
that trailer it's about half of your
followers
that's pretty crazy that's crazy i
didn't know that how many views do you
think you personally were responsible
for
at least 100 million yeah right
because you've uh tweeted it or
instagramed it or did something with it
right
well it's no secret i'm not very good at
instagram is that not a secret
no oh i basically forgot to post the
trailer
uh-huh i woke up in the morning we were
supposed to approach it at six a.m yeah
right and i couldn't figure out why i
was getting so many more followers
i was like this is great how many great
way to start the day how many have you
gained there's like a couple hundred
thousand oh that's a lot yeah
i was like this is amazing and then i
start scrolling and i see the trailer
and i panic
and i was trying to download the trailer
from my email and i couldn't so i had to
facetime you and she sent me a video of
how to do it
so essentially i'm an old man so zendaya
you do i.t
for the for the gang i'm also that's my
other job on this movie
uh no it's it's true it's really bad you
think of all people would know how to
work the web it would be spiderman we
forgot you
think oh all right what a burn
thank you thank you jimmy
yeah yeah no he had posted this remember
you post a story like twice
and you're like how do i delete my story
and i had to like send you a literally i
had to screen record a video of how you
delete a story
but why would it give you the option to
post it twice that's my question
like i was like how did i do that i
don't think that's an option yeah i
think you do with them once and then
another time i don't think it's like
yeah well you really don't know how to
use it
yes the trailer begins and correct me if
i have any of this wrong
right at the end as avengers end game
ends it picks up right away
right that is correct that is correct
that you can say that's something that's
all right to say i mean um
and it has been five years or at least
five years or what since
the uh you know since this uh came back
oh this is getting a this is getting
tough i don't want to answer that
question
jacob anybody
why then are you all still in high
school is the question
were there overdue library books that
[Laughter]
and i know you can't say everything but
why
why are we still
i mean it might be one of the biggest
plot holes of all time
it might be kobe do you know i i i don't
want to pull that thread
okay you know i i don't know i don't
know jake you have no idea right what
sorry
i i think it was the first time i've
ever seen a trailer that had like a
spoiler disclaimer
in front of it and of all people i gave
the spoilers yeah right
maybe that was just like when you take
like the bad kid in class and you make
him the hall monitor just wear that cone
of shame
just for you they wanted to hear you say
the words aloud so that you would
remember not to say no
spoil anything so okay so have has
everyone seen avengers end game
everywhere
i should say there's one guy in the
front who's taking it
questions
all right you plug your ears okay and
plug your ears right now if you haven't
okay yeah plug something up over there
um so there was a funeral scene
how many of you were at who was at the
funeral i was at the funeral
funeral yeah funeral yeah were you at
the funerals and dan
no no no no no they weren't invited jake
was not the funeral
this is how bad it is for me i was told
it was a wedding
oh he did not he did not come to his own
funeral huh yeah
exactly and it was was it was anyone
cg-eyed or was everyone really there
everyone was really there it was a
really insane day and i still don't know
how they pulled it off because
everybody who's in that shop was there
did you know everyone was gonna be there
i didn't no no no no it was really
exciting it was exciting because there
was like
you know there was crews there was like
the black panther crew
hadn't even come out yet the guardians
crew
and it was just all these groups of
people coming together when you shot
that
that movie hadn't even come out no no oh
this is all so confusing i can see why
you guys don't know what you can say and
what yeah
i thought it was a wedding
i was so excited and then like zendaya
when did you find out
how end game ended when i watched it
when you saw it
yeah and when did you see it in the
movie theater yeah how about you jacob
um well uh you know
movie theater movie yeah that's not a
spoiler it wasn't all the things that i
was making sure but yeah we all watched
i feel like we know we all know it's
going to be in the movie theater that's
cool to say
where did you see it were you at the
premiere i was actually in this
theater in connecticut where there was
no one at the movie theater when he was
showing
really crazy i know but it was during
like a weekday
when everyone was working obviously i
was in the daytime yeah yeah yeah
because i have nothing to do with my
life so did you shed a tear at the end
oh i was laughing a lot actually you
were
[Laughter]
yeah i'm sorry mom it was really cold it
was so great but i laughed
a lot but um how did they handle the
script
like do you guys get like a
self-destructing script or
um is it largely like redacted is like
the mueller report when you get it or
how does that work well i know on like
the spider script we
get sides and um we you know you have to
learn your lines obviously before the
next day at work and we'd get the lines
i don't know if you guys had us but
anything that had spoilers in it
was blacked out so most of the script
was blacked out so like
it's kind of hard to learn your lines
when you can't see them
yeah right yeah and then we were talking
about it later and
jacob jacob thought for some reason that
like he was like yeah i thought i'd just
you know when it's blacked out i just
say blah blah
you know i didn't put it in him
courteous is what i was saying
i'm trying to be very courteous to what
the script writers wanted uh you know if
they if they believed that i'd
say blacked out line i'd say you know
i'm not gonna disrespect
like peter we have to go save the
blacked out line
i'm saying you know what i mean
hi i'm jimmy kimmel and i am not allowed
to eat this cookie until you click the
subscribe button so please click now i'm
hungry